Update docs for 3.29 (#1665)
tigera/docs: calico/reference/felix/configuration.mdx

#### Feature Gates

> There are currently no feature gates.

Reviewer: Seems we should just kill the section, no?

Author: I guess we could :heavy_check_mark:

| BPFDisableUnprivileged / <br/> FELIX_BPFDISABLEUNPRIVILEGED                         | If true, Felix sets the kernel.unprivileged_bpf_disabled sysctl to disable unprivileged use of BPF. This ensures that unprivileged users cannot access Calico's BPF maps and cannot insert their own BPF programs to interfere with the ones that {{prodname}} installs.                                                                                                          | true, false           | true    |
| BPFLogLevel / <br/> FELIX_BPFLOGLEVEL                                               | The log level used by the BPF programs. The logs are emitted to the BPF trace pipe, accessible with the command `tc exec BPF debug`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Off,Info,Debug        | Off     |

> | BPFLogFilters / <br/> FELIX_ BPFLOGFILTERS                                          | Limits logging for selected interfaces and packets. It is a map of key=values where the value is a `pcap` filter expression that select packets and the key is an interface name that selects the interface to log. Special values of `all` denotes all interfaces, `weps` all workload endpoints and `heps` all host endpoints. When specified as an environment variable, it accepts a comma-separated list of key=values. It is unset by default which means all debug logs are emitted when BPFLogLevel is Debug.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | string                | ""      |

Reviewer: s/key=values/key-value pairs/g

Author: > When specified as an environment variable, it accepts a comma-separated list of key=values.

This is how they are written on command line

> It is a map of key=values where

i guess we have bigger problem with docs

> | BPFCTLBLogFilter / <br/> FELIX_BPFCTLBLOGFILTER                                     | Specifies, what is logged by connect time load balancer (CTLB) when BPFLogLevel is debug and BPFLogFilters is set. Must be set to 'all' to see CTLB logs.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | string                | ""      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| BPFCTLBLogFilter / <br/> FELIX_BPFCTLBLOGFILTER                                     | Specifies, what is logged by connect time load balancer (CTLB) when BPFLogLevel is debug and BPFLogFilters is set. Must be set to `all` to see CTLB logs.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | string                | ""      |
```

| BPFDisableUnprivileged / <br/> FELIX_BPFDISABLEUNPRIVILEGED                         | If true, Felix sets the kernel.unprivileged_bpf_disabled sysctl to disable unprivileged use of BPF. This ensures that unprivileged users cannot access Calico's BPF maps and cannot insert their own BPF programs to interfere with the ones that {{prodname}} installs.                                                                                                          | true, false           | true    |
| BPFLogLevel / <br/> FELIX_BPFLOGLEVEL                                               | The log level used by the BPF programs. The logs are emitted to the BPF trace pipe, accessible with the command `tc exec BPF debug`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Off,Info,Debug        | Off     |

> | BPFLogFilters / <br/> FELIX_ BPFLOGFILTERS                                          | It is a map of key=values where the value is a pcap filter expression and the key is an interface name. Special values of 'all' denotes all interfaces, 'weps' all workload endpoints and 'heps' all host endpoints. When specified as an env var, it accepts a comma-separated list of key=values. It is unset by default which means all debug logs are emitted when BPFLogLevel is Debug.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | string                | ""      |

Reviewer: The description dives straight in with explaining how this works, but without explaining what it is. Can you add a line or two describing what this is and what it's good for?

> | BPFCTLBLogFilter / <br/> FELIX_BPFCTLBLOGFILTER                                     | Specifies, what is logged by connect time load balancer (CTLB) when BPFLogLevel is debug and BPFLogFilters is set. Must be set to 'all' to see CTLB logs.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | string                | ""      |

Reviewer: So, assuming you've got `BPFLogLevel=debug` and `BPFLogFilters=<something?>`, then I have the following options:
* leave this unset, get no logs from CTLB
* set `BPFLogFilters=all` to see all logs from CTLB.

If I'm getting that right, I wonder whether our schema should be something more like 'null', 'all'

Author: Idk, unset is kindof like `null` but that would also require code change and it does not seem like it matters what it default too. We will revisit it in the future once we provide proper expressions here.

| BPFMapSizeRoute / <br/> FELIX_BPFMapSizeRoute                                       | Controls the size of the route map. The routes map should be large enough to hold one entry per workload and a handful of entries per host (enough to cover its own IPs and tunnel IPs).                                                                                                                                                                                          | int                   | 262144  |
| BPFHostConntrackBypass / <br/> FELIX_BPFHostConntrackBypass                         | Controls whether to bypass Linux conntrack in BPF mode for workloads and services.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | true,false            | true    |

> | BPFEnforceRPF / <br/>  FELIX_BPFEnforceRPF                                          | Controls RPF on all host interfaces with BPF programs regardless of what is the per-interfaces or global setting. To prevent spoofing, we also enforce it in IPv6 mode. Possible values are `Disabled`, `Strict` or `Loose`.                                                                                                                                                      | string                | "Loose" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| BPFEnforceRPF / <br/>  FELIX_BPFEnforceRPF                                          | Controls RPF on all host interfaces with BPF programs regardless of the interface or global settings. To prevent spoofing, we also enforce it in IPv6 mode. Possible values are `Disabled`, `Strict` or `Loose`.                                                                                                                                                      | string                | "Loose" |
```

| BPFPolicyDebugEnabled / <br/> FELIX_BPFPOLICYDEBUGENABLED                           | In eBPF dataplane mode, Felix records detailed information about the BPF policy programs, which can be examined with the calico-bpf command-line tool.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | true, false           | true    |

> | BPFForceTrackPacketsFromIfaces / <br/> FELIX_BPFFORCETRACKPACKETSFROMIFACES         | In BPF mode, forces traffic from these interfaces to skip Calico's iptables NOTRACK rule, allowing traffic from those interfaces to be tracked by Linux conntrack.  Should only be used for interfaces that are not used for the Calico fabric.  For example, a docker bridge device for non-Calico-networked containers. [Default: docker+]                                      | string                | "docker+" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| BPFForceTrackPacketsFromIfaces / <br/> FELIX_BPFFORCETRACKPACKETSFROMIFACES         | In BPF mode, forces traffic from these interfaces to skip Calico's iptables NOTRACK rule, allowing traffic from those interfaces to be tracked by Linux conntrack.  Should only be used for interfaces that are not used for the Calico fabric.  For example, a Docker bridge device for non-Calico-networked containers. [Default: docker+]                                      | string                | "docker+" |
```

| BPFDisableGROForIfaces / <br/> FELIX_BPFDISABLEGROFORIFACES                         | A regular expression that controls which interfaces Felix should disable the Generic Receive Offload [GRO] option. It should not match the workload interfaces (usually named cali...).                                                                                                                                                                                           | string                | ""      |

> | BPFExcludeCIDRsFromNAT / <br/> FELIX_BPFEXCLUDECIDRSFROMNATIS                       | A list of CIDRs that are to be excluded from NAT resolution so that host can handle them. A typical use case is node local DNS cache. Set it to your kube-dns service IP if you want to use node local DNS cache.                                                                                                                                                                  | string                | ""      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| BPFExcludeCIDRsFromNAT / <br/> FELIX_BPFEXCLUDECIDRSFROMNATIS                       | A list of CIDRs that are to be excluded from NAT resolution so that the host can handle them. A typical use case is node local DNS cache. Set it to your kube-dns service IP if you want to use node local DNS cache.                                                                                                                                                                  | string                | ""      |
```

> | BPFRedirectToPeer <br/> FELIX_BPFREDIRECTTOPEER                                     | Controls whether it is allowed to forward straight to the peer side of the workload devices which makes ingress into the workloads from outside the node faster. It is enabled for any host L2 devices by default (`L2Only`), but it breaks tcpdump on the host side of workload device as it bypasses it on ingress. If set it to `Disabled` to make tcpdump work as expected. Value of `Enabled` also allows redirection from L3 host devices like IPIP tunnel or Wireguard directly to the peer side of the workload's device. However, it breaks tools like tcpdump on the peer side. Use Enabled with caution.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | string                | "L2Only" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| BPFRedirectToPeer <br/> FELIX_BPFREDIRECTTOPEER                                     | Controls whether it is allowed to forward straight to the peer side of the workload devices, which makes ingress into the workloads from outside the node faster. It is enabled for any host L2 devices by default (`L2Only`), but it breaks tcpdump on the host side of workload device as it bypasses it on ingress. If set it to `Disabled` to make tcpdump work as expected. Value of `Enabled` also allows redirection from L3 host devices like IPIP tunnel or Wireguard directly to the peer side of the workload's device. However, it breaks tools like tcpdump on the peer side. Use `Enabled` with caution.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | string                | "L2Only" |
```

`If set it to `Disabled` to make tcpdump work as expected.` Sentence fragment, not sure what's meant here. Can you clarify?

| BPFPolicyDebugEnabled / <br/> FELIX_BPFPOLICYDEBUGENABLED                           | In eBPF dataplane mode, Felix records detailed information about the BPF policy programs, which can be examined with the calico-bpf command-line tool.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | true, false           | true    |
| BPFForceTrackPacketsFromIfaces / <br/> FELIX_BPFFORCETRACKPACKETSFROMIFACES         | In BPF mode, forces traffic from these interfaces to skip Calico's iptables NOTRACK rule, allowing traffic from those interfaces to be tracked by Linux conntrack.  Should only be used for interfaces that are not used for the Calico fabric.  For example, a docker bridge device for non-Calico-networked containers. [Default: docker+]                                      | string                | "docker+" |

> | BPFDisableGROForIfaces / <br/> FELIX_BPFDISABLEGROFORIFACES                         | A regular expression that controls which interfaces Felix should disable the Generic Receive Offload [GRO] option. It should not match the workload interfaces (usually named cali...).                                                                                                                                                                                           | string                | ""      |

Reviewer: It's best to write these with the parameter name as the implied subject of the sentence. This makes it easier to read, and it fits the rest of the table.

For example:

Key: IceCreamFlavor
Schema: vanilla | strawberry | chocolate
Description: (IceCreamFlavor) *Determines the flavor of ice cream.* ~~The ice cream flavor.~~

Similarly, rather than "A regular expression ... ", try reworking this in the form of (BPFDisableGROForIfaces) Controls which interfaces are disabled ..."

Author: nope

> | BPFExcludeCIDRsFromNAT / <br/> FELIX_BPFEXCLUDECIDRSFROMNATIS                       | A list of CIDRs that are to be excluded from NAT resolution so that host can handle them. A typical usecase is node local DNS cache. Set it to your kube-dns service IP if you want to use node local DNS cache.                                                                                                                                                                  | string                | ""      | 

Reviewer: See above.

Author: i think it is written better this way

> | BPFRedirectToPeer <br/> FELIX_BPFREDIRECTTOPEER                                     | Controls whether it is allowed to forward straight to the peer side of the workload devicesi which makes ingress into the workloads from outside the node faster. It is enabled for any host L2 devices by default (L2Only), but it breaks TCP dump on the host side of workload device as it bypasses it on ingress. iSet it to Disable to make tcpdump work as expected. Value of Enabled also allows redirection from L3 host devices like IPIP tunnel or Wireguard directly to the peer side of the workload's device. However, it breaks tools like tcpdump on the peer side. Use Enabled with caution.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | string                | "L2Only" |

Reviewer: I'm having a hard time understanding this one. A big ask, but could you try rewriting this one to make it clearer?
